This looks like a symptom of sudden aphasia
Zhenwei, what is sudden aphasia?
Just suddenly unable to speak
How long will it take to speak again?
If left untreated
Probably won't be able to speak for the rest of my life
Zhenwei, hurry up and save me, hurry up
It's over, it's really a sudden aphasia
To be sent to the hospital immediately for surgery
Dad, now is not the time to cry
Someone prepare the car
You can send Qianyu to the hospital
Just a little aphasia
So nervous
It's okay if you don't help at this time
But still talking about the wind
If my dad had an accident
I will never let you go.
Just amnesia
It's not a serious illness.
I can cure it casually
Trash, are you delusional?
What are you doing there again?
Shut up! You don't talk! No one treats you as a mute!
I'll be promoted to vice president next month
Even I don't dare
Amnesia that can be easily cured
You're a piece of trash talking about it
It's hilarious
No, I can't wait to go to the hospital.
Immediate surgery is required
Otherwise, Uncle Bai will never be able to speak for the rest of his life